---
layout: post
title: Why?
---

So, why am I starting a journal? 

I felt that I needed to start recording down both what I'm doing and my thoughts and opinions as it stands this will largely mean Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Based on my studies I will focus on the obvious topic of t

 This isn't specifically for anyone but myself. It allows me to keep a record of what I thought, and forces me to clarify what I have been thinking by actually writing it down. I'm not calling it a blog as hopefully it can present ideas that aren't just flashes in the pan, but rather to create content that lasts, well at least as well as things can last in technology. In addition articles are likely to be updated and changed to try and support the maintenance of the articles. 

My personal reasoning behind this is a little selfish in that I've tried keeping journals, I've tried to write little notes to myself, and I simply forget after a few weeks. Writing is something that tends to slip through the cracks. So, having a public forum to present my ideas might force me to be more regular, thorough and hopefully insightful with my ideas.

Beyond the purpose of self development some of the ideas that I'm working on might provide some benefit to the broader community. My work on understanding the adoption of Bitcoin is not from the more common Economic/Financial or Engineering/Computer Science perspective that makes up most of the academic literature, and presenting a somewhat academic view on the Bitcoin community also appears to be largely novel. 

Hopefully the articles prove useful. 